Add more info to sys.segments (#17515)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/6.0.0.rst

Administration and Operations
-----------------------------

- merge_id and docs_with_source columns in sys.segments table give more
  information on ongoing merges and whether the recovery source is still

>   present in merged segments.

Author: How about `fully_merged_docs`?

> - merge_id and fully_merged_docs columns in sys.segments table give more
>   information on ongoing merges and how many documents have had their
>   temporary recovery data cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ``merge_id`` and ``fully_merged_docs`` columns to the sys.segments table
  to give more information on ongoing merges and whether the recovery source is
  still present in merged segments.
```
